1. website
website is a collection of web resources like web pages, multimedia content ( audio,video,animation) which is identified by domain name and located at web server like wwww.google.com
website may be static or dynamic.
static website 
collection of web pages with fixed contents.
dynamic websites 
collection of dynamic pages that changes according to user input,date,time,location etc.
2. www (world wide web)
It is a system of interconnected public webpages accessible through the internet.
3. HTTP/HTTPs
The Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is a protocol that can be used to transfer data on the world wide web.
4. client server
a relationship between cooperating programs in an application, composed of clients initiating requests for services and servers providing that function or service.
5. domain 
A domain name is an easy-to-remember address used to access websites.
like: .com,.help,.gov,.in,.org. etc
6. host
A host is any hardware device that has the capability of permitting access to a network via a user interface, specialized software, network address, protocol stack, or any other means.
7. hosting
 hosting allows users to store content offsite, reducing local storage costs and the associated physical footprint.
8. ftp
File transfer protocol (FTP) is a way to download, upload, and transfer files from one location to another on the Internet and between computer systems.
9. path
a string of characters used to uniquely identify a location in a directory structure.
10. extraction
the process of deriving relevant information from data sources in a specific pattern for use in a data warehousing environment.
11. editor/vs code 
Editor is a software programs that enable the users to create and edit text files 
Visual Studio Code is a streamlined code editor with support for development operations like debugging, task running, and version control.
12. URL/URN
URL is a Uniform Resource Locator and is a reference (an address) to a resource on the Internet
13. address bar 
address bar refers to text field in a web browser that identifies the cureent user location on web and allows navigating to different websites.
14. title bar 
The title bar is the horizontal bar at the top of a window that displays the title of the window and provides various controls and options for managing the window.
